.TH "C:/xampplite/htdocs/dbtree/testdbtree.php" 3 "4 Jan 2010" "Version Version2" "PHPDatabaseTree" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
C:/xampplite/htdocs/dbtree/testdbtree.php \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$a\fP = new \fBTreeList\fP()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$x\fP = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,1,'volunteer_tree','volunteer_id','family_id')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$y\fP = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,0,'volunteer_tree','volunteer_id','family_id')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$z\fP = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,0,'event_tree','event_id','parent_event_id')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "for($i=0;$i< 10;$i++) \fB$query\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$result\fP = mysqli_query($dbc,$query)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$num\fP = mysqli_num_rows($result)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$a = new \fBTreeList\fP()"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "$num = mysqli_num_rows($result)"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "for ($i=0;$i< 10;$i++) $query"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
'SELECT a.password as ap,b.password as bp FROM
            volunteer_tree as a INNER JOIN volunteer_tree_dup as b
            WHERE a.email=b.email'
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "$result = mysqli_query($dbc,$query)"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "$x = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,1,'volunteer_tree','volunteer_id','family_id')"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "$y = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,0,'volunteer_tree','volunteer_id','family_id')"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file testdbtree.php.
.SS "$z = new \fBDBTree\fP($dbc,0,'event_tree','event_id','parent_event_id')"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file testdbtree.php.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for PHPDatabaseTree from the source code.
